---
layout: page
title: About Me
cover: true
---

I'm currently working as a Software Engineer at Google. I am part of the YouTube
Premium team in San Bruno, CA, focusing on bringing better benefits and higher
value to the YouTube Premium subscription.

Before Google I completed my bachelor's degree in Computer Science at Georgia
Tech between 2016 and 2018. During this time, I switched between part-time and
full-time roles as an undergraduate researcher and a teaching assistant.

My work as an undergraduate researcher, advised by Prof. Dana Randall, was on
stochastic algorithms for *self-organizing particle systems*, an abstraction of
programmable matter. Our goals included creating and simulating distributed
algorithms based on Markov chains, as well as proving properties of these
algorithms. My undergraduate thesis, titled _Markov Chain Algorithms for
Emergent Phenomena in Self-Organizing Particle Systems_, was submitted December
2019 and is available [here](https://smartech.gatech.edu/handle/1853/60893) on
Georgia Tech's thesis database. Visit my [Research Page](/research/) for more
information about our work and publications.

I was Senior TA for CS 2110, Computer Organization and Programming, under
Dan Forsyth. Between August 2017 and December 2018 I worked as part of a team
that teaches labs & recitations, prepares exams and quizzes and produces
homework assignments. I was promoted to Senior TA for Fall 2018, and put in
charge of planning & supervising course materials and assessments. More about my
teaching work is available on my [Teaching Page](/teaching/).

I am a collaborator on *zucchini*, an open-source autograder
framework for use in programming courses, and I am the author of a number of
open-source projects such as *particles*, our research project simulator;
*Coban*, a Turkish TV show aggregator; as well as a host of Minecraft and MTA
plugins and other works. You can find more about these on my GitHub, linked on
the sidebar.

Details about my research and teaching adventures as well as other ramblings
about technology can be found in my [blog](/blog/), although this has not been
updated for the good part of the last decade.

Thanks for visiting! Feel free to reach out on Twitter or LinkedIn for any
questions or comments.
